Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 1.1.0 (#2428)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1.1.0-added-subassets-plugin-into-dtm-plugins-component.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Added subassets plugin into DTM plugins component"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Added subassets module to DTM plugins component"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1485"
version: "1.1.0"
---

> With the new **Subassets** module in Digital twin manager plugins (DTM Plugins), Users can now extend their custom Cumulocity web applications to view subassets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new subassets module has been added to the Digital twin manager plugins (DTM plugins). With this new module users can now extend their custom {{< product-c8y-iot >}} web applications to view subassets.
```

> With the new **Subassets** module in Digital twin manager plugins (DTM Plugins), Users can now extend their custom Cumulocity web applications to view subassets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new Subassets view module has been added to the DTM Plugins component. This component includes official DTM plugins, enabling integration with both default and custom web applications. This module enables users to view and manage subassets efficiently. In future releases, it will replace the existing subasset view in the Digital Twin Manager and other Cumulocity applications.
```

> With the new **Subassets** module in Digital twin manager plugins (DTM Plugins), Users can now extend their custom Cumulocity web applications to view subassets.

Reviewer 3: A new Subassets view module has been added to the DTM Plugins component, enabling users to efficiently view and manage subassets while supporting integration with other Cumulocity applications. While there are no visual changes to the existing subasset view in DTM, it is now powered by this new module. Additionally, Cockpit and Device Management are expected to adopt this module soon.

Reviewer 4: Modified it to:
A new **Subassets** view module has been added to the DTM Plugins component. This component includes official DTM plugins, enabling integration with both default and custom web applications. This module enables users to view and manage subassets efficiently. In future releases, it will replace the existing subasset view in other {{< product-c8y >}} applications.
